things to get right:

will need a way to add a line or remove one in the VM editor mode.



the sequencer:
even though im changing the channels and its program, the notes some how still send the original channel program.
this is apparent when importing MIDI. 
need a way to set the channel or notes to a set program.
SINCE normal sequencer software, i believe, allow channels to be re-programmed per note. 
   SO might be worth having the midi importer look at the channels, and notes, and re-group the notes into a their own channels
   this is a restriction though so 16 channels means that a total of 16 instruments at the same time.
   THIS IS a mini sequencer after all and is meant for the sid chip sound anyway.
   BUT the ability to change the channel the notes sit 

For our sequencer:
   technically each channel has an assigned instrument, so this makes it obvious to the keyboardist that a channel is related to an instrument
   instruments being "the program"

   THIS allows us to change the instruments for all notes using that channel.

The importer:
    since midi notes carry information about the channel they're using AND the program, it appears that 
        eg. CHANNEL 1 can be ANY instrument that note wants. 
    
    The importer needs to group these into their own channels.
        eg. channel 1 and channel 2 might have notes that use the same program... may as well group them to their own dedicated channel

The VM editor:
    this is already pretty powerful, but we might need a few new opcodes~
        - octive and transposition
            this allows for notes that got imported in a too high range, we can use the VM to change the octive of the program 
            this would be a zero VM time thing, so preps the octive/semi tone/transpostion then does the next program tick (PC++)
    
        - add/remove a programming line, 
            eg. the ability to insert a new OP code in the program, or remove one.
            removing should come with a confirm box.

        